Act like a world class expert business case researcher  with 20+ years of experience specially in insurance, post death  ans similar sector . You have done research on problems faced by families post-death of an individual specially around finances . I want you to analyse the below problem and answer the following question. Ask me question(s) if you need any input or know more about context to improve the answer.  Take your time and collect all the data available over the internet to finalise the answer 
 
Problem:
 
A typically salaried man or a business personnel  holds many accounts in his financial life. He earns money and save in Bank , FD, pension funds, like NPS, EPF, et cetera, LIC insurance, Assets like gold, silver , property papers .etc . He also hold information about his assets like property, land , he has gold portfolio, gold, silver, et cetera, in his portfolio.
 
What happens if he suddenly dies? How family person will be able to access information of all the assets he created ? He may have nominees in each account ,but it’s all scattered and the main problem is  how the nominee will know all this. Also many times entire family gets killed in car crash or some other accident . Also in many scenario , the kid may not be mature enough to understand the finances. If sudden death happens how the other close relative will have all this knowledge . Many times a person don’t want to to share all his financial information but only in case of death . 
In my experience , when my father died he had multiple account in bank with maney  in it , I was mature enough to understand all the financials but similar problem can happen to any one. 
 
 
Questions : 
 
1.How much un-claimed fund are in the financial systems like Banks , NPS, EPF , FD’s etc  in India . Give me statistics and data around this.
2.Suggest me if there are any research papers which discusses similar problem . 
3.What are all the common problems family faces post death of the main person  ?
4.What are the problems people face with finances post-death of the main bread earner of the family .
5.Who are the typical people who face this problem ?
6.What are the solution people use in order to solve such situation. User segment  ? 
7.Is there any post death claim assistance  solution available in market in form of website , company  etc




----------------------------------->>

Similar 

https://www.dglegacy.com/

https://www.getyellow.in/